Adds notes about incompatibility between 1.X and 2.X configurations. (#4687)
containous/traefik: docs/content/getting-started/configuration-overview.md

 
## The Static Configuration

> !!! warning "Incompatible Static Configuration"

Author: Done

>     Please be aware that the old configuration of v1.7.X is NOT compatible with the v2.X config as of now.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Please be aware that the old configurations for Traefik v1.X are NOT compatible with the v2.X config as of now.
```

Reviewer 2: I'd suggest also replacing `config` with `configuration` for consistency

>     Please be aware, that the old configuration of v1.7.X is NOT compatible with the v2.X config as of now.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Please be aware that the old configuration of v1.7.X is NOT compatible with the v2.X config as of now.
```

>     If you're testing out v2, please create a fresh configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you're testing out v2, please ensure you are using a v2 configuration.
```
